feat(rate-limiting): add the doc for the added interface in rate-limiting library (#7455)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/reference/rate-limiting.md

### Public Functions
The following public functions are provided by this library:

> `ratelimiting.new_instance`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% if_version gte:3.7.x %}
`ratelimiting.new_instance`
```
Since this library was updated in 3.7.

Author: Actually we have also backported this to 3.4/3.5/3.6. Should we use `{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}` instead?

_syntax: ratelimiting = ratelimiting.new_instance(instance_name)_

> Previously this library used a module level global table `config` and thus lacked of necessary data isolation between different plugins. So when two or more different plugins are using it at the same time, it doesn't work normally because we can't distinguish which namespaces belong to which plugin. When the `reconfigure` event happens, the plugin will delete all the namespaces it does not use anymore, but those deleted namespaces may belong to other plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, this library used a module level global table `config`, which lacked the necessary data isolation between plugins. When two or more different plugins used the table at the same time, {{site.base_gateway}} couldn't distinguish which namespaces belong to which plugin. When the `reconfigure` event happened, the plugin deleted all the namespaces it didn't use anymore, but those deleted namespaces could have belonged to other plugins.
```
Bit of rephrasing cleanup and putting it all in past tense to signify that this was the old behavior.

> To provide necessary isolation without changing the original interfaces, we added this new interface. Every returned instance has its own `ratelimiting.config` that won't interfere with each other. As a usage example: `local ratelimiting = require("kong.tools.public.rate-limiting").new_instance("rate-limiting-foo")`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ratelimiting.new_instance` interface provides the necessary isolation without changing the original interfaces. Every returned instance has its own `ratelimiting.config` which don't interfere with each other. See the following usage example: `local ratelimiting = require("kong.tools.public.rate-limiting").new_instance("rate-limiting-foo")`.
```

> If the library is used in the old way, the behavior is as before. In this case, it will return a default instance which may be shared with other plugins. `local ratelimiting = require("kong.tools.public.rate-limiting")`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the library is used in the old way, the behavior is as before. In this case, it will return a default instance which may be shared with other plugins: `local ratelimiting = require("kong.tools.public.rate-limiting")`
```

> Other functions below remain unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't need to add this, this is implied. This is also something that belongs in a changelog, I wouldn't put this phrasing in an evergreen doc.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endif_version %}

```
